part two of that dining for delight this
is on a beach and I imagine it's a beach
you're right by the water you can hear
the waves it's nighttime and there's a
barbecue steaks and lobster the steaks
are not those little sick sounds 8 ounce
pieces you get you know in restaurants
this is an ala carte restaurant
everything evening barbecue
all-you-can-eat it doesn't matter for
the steak or lobster prepared over
charcoal they use a pineapple so that
the steak the meat doesn't stick to the
grill not only is this romantic but the
food again is absolutely amazing ok so
the other thing I gotta say is that it's
not only Mexico in February March 2010
Cindy and I were in Jamaica at the
Franklin D Resort amazing food they had
beach barbecues twice a week one was for
authentic Jamaican cuisine it was like
absolutely stunning the atmosphere on
the beach the lights warm night and
again the food and cooked there you
could smell it taste it was absolutely
stunning but we're back to Mexico and
although I love the all-inclusive
resorts because everything's available
we went out in Okuma to a small
restaurant we were invited there we went
to sample it the food was amazing
ingredients bought fresh in the daytime
cooked in the restaurant now it seems
like well that's no-brainer I mean you
know yeah they buy it and cook it
but I've watched a Gordon Ramsay you
know Hell's Kitchen
and when he goes to help people who have
problems with their restaurants and you
see some of this junk that they put out
on high-end restaurants you know like
they cook for days in advance they got
stuff in the freezer microwaving things
that's not
this the food here was authentic Mexican
it was phenomenal tasting like ASEA you
could taste the freshness in that
tomatoes the peppers avocado oh and it
just starts my mouth water I'm just
thinking about it now I said to Cindy
when we go back there and he said you
can only spear fish that when we go back
there I would love to be there at
lunchtime then go down to akumal bay do
some snorkeling maybe see if we can
encounter turtles again and then come
back for dinner what an awesome day that
would be and it is very reasonable right
the other way is
food how do you like it more more MORE I
love it